Update Resource Tuning Instructions for cray-hms-collector main (#2046)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/hmcollector/adjust_hmcollector_resource_limits_requests.md

[...]
```

In the above example output, the `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` and the `istio-proxy` containers were previously `OOMKilled`, but both containers are currently running.

### How to adjust replicas and limits

* If the `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` containers are hitting their CPU limit and memory usage is steadily increasing until they get `OOMKilled`, then the number of replicas should be increased.
  It can be increased in increments of `1`, up to the number of worker nodes. This is a situation were the collector is unable to process events fast enough and they start to build up inside of it.
* If the `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` containers are consistency hitting their CPU limit, then their CPU limit should be increased. It can be increased in increments of `8` or `8000m`.

> * If the `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` containers are consistency hitting their memory limit, then their memory limit should be increased. It can be increased in increments of `5Gi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` containers are consistently hitting their memory limit, then their memory limit should be increased. It can be increased in increments of `5Gi`.
```

      ```

   1. Persist annotations manually added to `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress` deployment.

      ```bash
      kubectl -n services get deployments cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress \
         -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.metadata.annotations}' | \
         yq d -P - '"traffic.sidecar.istio.io/excludeOutboundPorts"' | \
         yq w -f - -i ./customizations.yaml spec.kubernetes.services.cray-hms-hmcollector.podAnnotations
      ```

   1. View the updated overrides added to `customizations.yaml`.

      If the value overrides look different to the sample output below, then the replica count or the resource limits
      and requests have been manually modified in the past.

      ```bash
      yq r ./customizations.yaml spec.kubernetes.services.cray-hms-hmcollector
      ```

      Example output:

      ```yaml
      hmcollector_external_ip: '{{ network.netstaticips.hmn_api_gw }}'
      collectorIngressConfig:
         replicas: 3
         resources:
            limits:
               cpu: "4"
               memory: 5Gi
            requests:
               cpu: 500m
               memory: 256Mi
      podAnnotations: {}
      ```

> 1. (`ncn-mw#`) If desired, adjust the replica count, resource limits, and resources requests for `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-mw#`) If desired, adjust the replica count, resource limits, and resource requests for `cray-hms-hmcollector-ingress`.
```

   Otherwise this step can be skipped.

>    For information on how the resource limits could be adjusted, see [Replica count and resource limit tuning guidance](#replica-count-and-resource-limit-tuning-guidance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For information on possible adjustments, see [Replica count and resource limit tuning guidance](#replica-count-and-resource-limit-tuning-guidance).
```
